# FSSSAPSO
In this paper, the feasibility of Structural Health Monitoring (SHM) based on a novel Fibonacy Sequence (FS)-based Optimization Algorithms (OAs) and up-to-date computing techniques is investigated for a large-scale railway bridge. With the great development of technology, numerous metaheuristic intelligent OAs have been proposed. However, the major concern is how to employ OAs to deal with real-world problems, especially the SHM of large-scale structures. In addition to the requirement of high accuracy, a high computational cost is putting up a major barrier to the real application of OAs. Therefore, this article aims at addressing these two aforementioned issues. First, we propose employing the optimal ability of the golden ratio formulated by the well-known FS to remedy the shortcomings and improve the accuracy of OAs, specifically, a recently proposed new algorithm, namely Salp Swarm Algorithm (SSA). On the other hand, to deal with high computational cost problems of OAs, we propose employing an up-to-date comuting technique, termed superscalar processor to conduct a series of iterations in parallel. A long with that, in this work, vectorization technique is also applied to reduce the size of data. The obtained results show that the proposed approach is highly potential to apply for SHM of real large-scale structures.
This work includes two main files :  HSSAPSO_NamO and main_HSSAPSO, in which main_HSSAPSO is running file and HSSAPSO_NamO plays a role as a function. You only need to replace Nam O bridge by your model. 
Because the Nam O bridge model belongs to our project, if you need more information, contact me Hoa.tran@ugent.be
